18 Hours Ago, Sky Island 15
This makes 217!
She's insane.
I think the rest of us
can just go home...
The next one might sprout from inside.
Have to stay focused.
What's that?!
Never seen it before!
What the hell?
What is that?
It isn't a timere. A new beast?
I've never seen anything like it!
All hands, retreat.
We've detected the appearance
of a new, unexpected beast.
As such, this operation is hereby
declared a failure.
Island 15 is to be abandoned.
All hands, retreat.
No way!
Hold it! What are you thinking?
I promised to return alive.
I'm going to say, "I'm home,"
and feast on butter cake!
I can't let the world end before that.
Chtholly!
Trees vanishing in morning mist.
Milk stains. Dazzling petals. Air mass.
Herring on a wall.
Hedgehog standing on its
head. Organ in a bag.
What the hell is this?
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world?
Are you busy?
Will you save us?
So, yeah, the new enemy plunged
the battlefield into chaos.
Not only was it absurdly strong,
but we had no idea how to fight it.
We had no choice but to
abandon the island.
For real?
For real. So we're totally beat!
Good job hanging in there.
In the end, I decided to accept
defeat and fell the island.
But I must praise you.
The blades you forged shone brilliantly.
Seriously, this lizard's on the money!
I wish you could've seen her fight.
It's all my fault.
By blowing myself up, I could
have neutralized the enemy.
But I said I wanted to live, and now...
You're wrong.
The tactical projections failed to
account for that other beast.
If you'd self-destructed to
take out the timere,
we might have had to fight
the new one without you.
That would have yielded
a far worse outcome.
Agreed.
We never had a chance to defeat them.
So don't worry about it.
Thank you.
By the way,
what are you doing?
Willem will feel much better
if we warm him up.
I already do. Please get off.
You're forcing yourself a bit.
Not yet.
Hey!
Say something to her, Chtholly...
It's fine.
Uncle!
"Uncle"?
No!
She's the daughter of an old friend!
Phyr, how many times must
I tell you not to come here?
I am fully prepared to face
the consequences.
I have no one but you to turn to.
Someone has threatened to kill Father
if we don't cancel next weekend's ceremony
As mayor of this city, his policy is to
ensure peaceful racial coexistence.
I know there are many who do
not look favorably upon that,
but I am appalled they would resort
to this to impede his stance.
Forgive me, Phyr. I cannot help you.
Uncle!
Willem, I have a favor to ask.
I refuse.
But I haven't asked anything.
I can guess.
I'm sorry, but I'm not
about to play hero.
Also, I'm already up to my
neck in babysitting!
Uh, I would prefer to
keep this between us.
No need to worry.
I don't know if he's dependable
or trustworthy,
but you may have high hopes for him.
Right...
Whoa, it's time to pick up Tiat.
Sorry. Find someone else.
Please wait!
At next weekend's ceremony, my father
plans to unveil a new policy
that will open the door
for those of all races.
But these Annihilation Knights
oppose this policy,
and they plot to assassinate him!
I get the feeling they'll regret
that name in five years' time.
They destroy property, kidnap children,
and beat people up.
They want to rid the city
of all disfeatured races,
and they'll stop at nothing.
Uh...
So I wanted Uncle's help...
Not happening.
The Guardian Wings Military's role is to
defend Règles Aile from external threats.
It cannot interfere in the
political affairs of cities.
Archipelago Military Charter,
Chapter 4, Article 3.
What?!
But we are clearly in the right!
Being right doesn't make
use of force okay.
It's the opposite.
Righteousness is merely a tool to
legitimize one's reasons for violence.
People like you, who really
believe in it,
will clash and start a war.
That's how it's always worked.
But that's...
The lizard turned you down
for the same reason.
I can't help you.
I-It wasn't the least
bit scary or painful!
I laugh... in the face of injections...
Well done to make it through, Tiat.
Chtholly!
Still a child, huh?
I am not!
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, TO...
Aren't you awfully cold to the lady?
What, is it because of her age?
Like, "girls who aren't younger
than I am aren't girls at all"?
It's not like that.
No matter who I'm faced with,
I just don't want to accept anything
but the stuff I can't accept.
What's that supposed to mean?
I can't explain it too well.
And why are you smiling?
What are you thinking about?
Nothing, really.
I don't get you two!
Something smells nice!
Look! They're wrapping meat in leaves!
That's called "wrapped ram."
I am pretty hungry, come to think of it.
Want to get lunch here, then?
Wait a minute.
They're clearly using too much spice,
and they do not have their
permit displayed.
I have little doubt they'll feed
you meat that is barely legal.
And they are charging more
than market price!
R-Right.
Come with me.
I shall get you some real
Corna di Luce wrapped ram.
Is that really the same person?
Maybe?
So good!
I can't stop wolfing it down!
They used less spice, and mixed
in lots of sour herbs instead?
This flavor makes it easy
to eat large quantities.
I know, right?
What's wrong? You haven't
taken a single bite.
Just thinking.
Don't force yourself.
The girls will eat any extra food.
Leave it to us!
Wrapped ram is a big part of
traditional Corna di Luce cuisine.
And this is the best place in
the area to have some.
All the locals know this,
even if they're only five.
Wow, local five-year-olds
are pretty nuts.
To top it off, countless movies
have been shot here!
Like the scene in Clockwork Love and
Dreams, where the golem gets drunk!
Yeah!
I also saw it in Let Me Trick You,
The Return of Detective Curio,
and Howl, Lazioni!
My, how delightful! Very impressive!
Wow, our ten-year-old is pretty nuts.
Beautiful Corna di Luce has been
the setting for countless stories.
Its rich cuisine, featuring
classics such as wrapped ram,
artistry, history, and luminaries
are all very familiar to
people across Règles Aile now.
You really love this city, don't you?
I do!
Corna di Luce is my home.
I love this city dearly!
I love it, too!
Love it dearly, huh?
I'm amazed you can say that
with a straight face.
Is it a problem?
Nah, I love it, miss.
You're much more charming this way.
I hate when people are
too casual with their words.
Is that so?
Something happen to her?
Who knows?
This is the Perjurer's Grave.
A legendary con man from around
200 years ago rests here.
I've seen this in movies!
I see.
"Here lies an honest man."
How did we end up on a sightseeing tour?
What's the problem?
We have time until our airship home.
It's just, weapons like us sightseeing?
That's some special treatment!
Better thank the lizard and the lady.
Locked red grimoire.
Sweet cry of death.
Headless clown, wandering in twilight.
He laughs, laughs, laughs, laughs,
laughs, laughs, and laughs.
...holly.
Chtholly.
Wh-What is it?
Do you feel sick or something?
You've been so quiet, it's like
we have a statue among us.
That does sound pretty quiet!
If you're tired, tell me.
I don't want to push you.
No, it isn't like that.
Sorry to have worried you.
If the venenum generated in combat
is still lingering in your body,
want me to do the deal again—
N-No, thanks!
I couldn't walk if you did that now!
What's "the deal"?
And you! Don't take an interest!
Next up, we have the Lovers' Staircase.
Where a legendary couple whose love
transcended social status met.
I've seen this in movies!
I see.
The two accidentally bumped
into each other
and rolled down the stairs together,
marking the start of their romance, but...
"No rolling"?
We can't roll?!
Hey.
Guess it's time to set the bait.
Do you like the city?
I'm really enjoying my time here.
I already loved it, but I
love, love, love it now!
Really? That's good.
Say, is there a fun spot where
not too many people go?
I know just the thing.
This is the Well of Wishes.
I've never seen this one before!
The Well of Wishes?
Like, you throw in a coin,
and your wish will be granted?
Sounds like something straight
out of a fairytale!
Sorry to interrupt your fun, ladies.
We're surrounded.
Who are you people?
We are the Annihilation Knights!
Annihilate! Annihilate! Annihilate!
So it's you!
For real?
Annihilate!
Seems like it.
For all that is right, we must assassinate
the mayor for all that is right!
As an insurance policy, we will take you
into custody as an insurance policy!
He talks weird.
For trying to put on a show,
he sure does suck at it...
Children are here! You disgust me!
Filthy disfeatured would never
understand our righteousness.
Silence!
For the sake of all that I believe right,
I shan't ever give in to you!
Take her in.
Wait.
Bang!
Bang.
What just happened?
I felt your gazes all along.
So we tried walking in very public places
and then moved to a desolate one.
And you fell for it.
D-Don't tell me, you used
me to lure them in?
Yeah. I used you as bait.
I don't care one bit about
politics or justice.
But I've decided to side with
you for personal reasons.
After all, the little ones seem
to love this city, too.
Yikes... Our TO is one scary man.
A con man.
That's how he really is.
Damn disfeatured. Know your place.
Bang!
Try to mask your bloodlust.
You're pros, right?
Damn it!
Gang up on them—
Arrest.
Arrest. Arrest. Arrest. Arrest.
Arrest. Arrest. Arrest.
Willem's like a bad guy.
Well, he is the sole survivor of
the terrifying emnetwiht race.
A con man.
I am extremely grateful for your help,
but I cannot accept your methods!
I thought not.
Also,
you touched my belly
when we first met...
Huh?
Don't play dumb with me!
To us lycanthropos,
our bellies are sacred places that we
may only reveal to our spouses.
O-Oh?
I hate you!
Thank you for everything today.
Please visit again sometime.
Beautiful city, huh?
Yes.
I can see why the lady wanted to
protect her home so much.
Yes.
Well, given how much she hates me now,
she'll probably never look to someone
like me for help again.
That's good. Straightforward people
like her should stay as they are.
Listen to yourself.
Chtholly?
The finger guns were simple camouflage.
You attacked them by shooting
these coins with speed.
Well spotted.
I probably know your fighting
style and strength
better than anyone else in this world.
Did you forget?
You're the one who taught
me to fight this way.
That's right...
You were such a good
student, I did forget.
You wanted to fight, didn't you?
I don't know what you're playing
at, but please stop.
You don't have to fight anymore.
I...
We've taken on all of your battles.
I'm thankful to you.
I spent years of my life
waiting for death.
All I ever wanted was to go back
to the people waiting for me.
But after meeting you all,
I've changed a little.
I started to want a home again.
Meeting you brought me
a little salvation.
And your returning alive
has brought me...
well, a little happiness.
Hang on! Don't try to slowly walk away!
Don't look at me like I'm
some embarrassing fool!
Anyway, I'm surprised you're keeping
such a close eye on me.
Well, I am in love with you.
Man, we can finally go back!
I wanted to check out
some more places.
Well, you're a fairy soldier now.
I'm sure you'll get the chance
to come back.
Yes, ma'am!
Technical Officer Willem Kmetsch, yes?
And you are?
First-Grade Officer Buronny Maxi,
of the military police.
I see Officer Limeskin's report
was quite accurate.
"A tall, black-haired disfeatured.
Likely has a thing for young girls."
If he really did, a certain someone
wouldn't have such a hard time...
There's someone I must have you meet.
Come with me.
No, thanks. I already have plans.
Souwong Kandel.
Willem?
Yeah. I can't walk away
after hearing that.
Buronny, was it?
Yeah.
Can I ask you to take
care of these girls?
Most definitely.
Wait a second!
What the heck?
You promised me...
Don't go!
I have to.
If you do, I'll get mad. Really mad!
Chtholly...
I won't let you go!
Jerk. You big jerk!
I'm sorry.
I'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting, so you had
better come back.
Yeah, I promise.
I'll come back, for sure.
Okay.
It's a promise.
I never did say, "Welcome back."
I must say, you make quite a
peculiar face when you cry.
Next Episode
no news was good news
Next Episode:
no news was
good news.